README.md, before:

# GitHub Action for Deployer

```yaml
  - name: Deploy
    uses: deployphp/action@v1
    with:
      dep: deploy
      private-key: ${{ secrets.PRIVATE_KEY }}
```

## Inputs

```yaml
  - name: Deploy
    uses: deployphp/action@v1
    with:
      # The deployer task to run. For example:
      # `deploy all`.
      # Required.
      dep: deploy

      # Option to skip over the SSH setup/configuration
      # Self hosted runners don't need the SSH configuration or the SSH agent to be started
      self-hosted: false

      # Access token to set remote to use before running the deployer task.
      # Can be used if you don't want to have private keys
      # Optional.
      access_token: ${{ secrets.ACCESS_TOKEN }}

      # User for the access token.
      # Required to use access_token, otherwise optional.
      access_token_user: 'username'

      # Private key for connecting to remote hosts. To generate private key:
      # `ssh-keygen -o -t rsa -C 'action@deployer.org'`.
      # Optional.
      private-key: ${{ secrets.PRIVATE_KEY }}

      # Content of `~/.ssh/known_hosts` file. The public SSH keys for a
      # host may be obtained using the utility `ssh-keyscan`. 
      # For example: `ssh-keyscan deployer.org`.
      # If known-hosts omitted, `StrictHostKeyChecking no` will be added to
      # `ssh_config`.
      # Optional.
      known-hosts: |
        ...

      # The SSH configuration. Content of `~/.ssh/config` file.
      # Optional.
      ssh-config: |
        ...
    
      # Deployer version to download from deployer.org.
      # First, the action will check for Deployer binary at those paths:
      # - `vendor/bin/deployer.phar`
      # - `vendor/bin/dep`
      # - `deployer.phar`
      # If the binary not found, phar version will be downloaded from
      # deployer.org.
      # Optional.
      deployer-version: "7.0.0"

      # You can specify path to your local Deployer binary in the repo.
      # Optional.
      deployer-binary: "bin/dep"

      # You can choose to disable ANSI output.
      # Optional. Defaults to true.
      ansi: false

      # You can specify the output verbosity level.
      # Optional. Defaults to -v.
      verbosity: -vvv
```

## Example

```yaml
name: deploy

on: push

# It is important to specify "concurrency" for the workflow,
# to prevent concurrency between different deploys.
concurrency: production_environment

jobs:
  deploy:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest

    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v2

      - name: Setup PHP
        uses: shivammathur/setup-php@v2
        with:
          php-version: '8.0'

      - name: Deploy
        uses: deployphp/action@v1
        with:
          dep: deploy
          private-key: ${{ secrets.PRIVATE_KEY }}
```

Commit message:

Pass repo to the action so it can be used

README.md, after:

# GitHub Action for Deployer

```yaml
  - name: Deploy
    uses: deployphp/action@v1
    with:
      dep: deploy
      private-key: ${{ secrets.PRIVATE_KEY }}
```

## Inputs

```yaml
  - name: Deploy
    uses: deployphp/action@v1
    with:
      # The deployer task to run. For example:
      # `deploy all`.
      # Required.
      dep: deploy

      # Option to skip over the SSH setup/configuration
      # Self hosted runners don't need the SSH configuration or the SSH agent to be started
      self-hosted: false

      # Access token to set remote to use before running the deployer task.
      # Can be used if you don't want to have private keys
      # Optional.
      access_token: ${{ secrets.ACCESS_TOKEN }}

      # User for the access token.
      # Required to use access_token, otherwise optional.
      access_token_user: 'username'

      # Repository for the access token.
      # This is required as otherwise we can't set the remote properly.
      # Required to use access_token, otherwise optional.
      access_token_repository: 'git@github.com:username/repo.git'

      # Private key for connecting to remote hosts. To generate private key:
      # `ssh-keygen -o -t rsa -C 'action@deployer.org'`.
      # Optional.
      private-key: ${{ secrets.PRIVATE_KEY }}

      # Content of `~/.ssh/known_hosts` file. The public SSH keys for a
      # host may be obtained using the utility `ssh-keyscan`. 
      # For example: `ssh-keyscan deployer.org`.
      # If known-hosts omitted, `StrictHostKeyChecking no` will be added to
      # `ssh_config`.
      # Optional.
      known-hosts: |
        ...

      # The SSH configuration. Content of `~/.ssh/config` file.
      # Optional.
      ssh-config: |
        ...
    
      # Deployer version to download from deployer.org.
      # First, the action will check for Deployer binary at those paths:
      # - `vendor/bin/deployer.phar`
      # - `vendor/bin/dep`
      # - `deployer.phar`
      # If the binary not found, phar version will be downloaded from
      # deployer.org.
      # Optional.
      deployer-version: "7.0.0"

      # You can specify path to your local Deployer binary in the repo.
      # Optional.
      deployer-binary: "bin/dep"

      # You can choose to disable ANSI output.
      # Optional. Defaults to true.
      ansi: false

      # You can specify the output verbosity level.
      # Optional. Defaults to -v.
      verbosity: -vvv
```

## Example

```yaml
name: deploy

on: push

# It is important to specify "concurrency" for the workflow,
# to prevent concurrency between different deploys.
concurrency: production_environment

jobs:
  deploy:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest

    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v2

      - name: Setup PHP
        uses: shivammathur/setup-php@v2
        with:
          php-version: '8.0'

      - name: Deploy
        uses: deployphp/action@v1
        with:
          dep: deploy
          private-key: ${{ secrets.PRIVATE_KEY }}
```
